Add Polimec HRMP info (#5503)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/thousand-validators.md

:::warning 1KV Program is on Hold. Please check this space again in Feb 2024.

Starting in February 2024, Web3 Foundation plans to share a new application form for the community

> validators that will include a KYC and KYB process. Until then, all the applications submitted will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in February 2024, Web3 Foundation plans to share a new application form for
validators that will include a KYC and KYB process. Until then, all applications submitted will
```
